what makes it that people have a hard
time being themselves in different
situations from an evolutionary
standpoint we want to fit in one of the
things that I find Most Fascinating
about Humanity in general is we have
both a desire to be normal to fit in
right which is not extraordinary and
then we have the desire to be
extraordinary right like everybody's
like oh I want to be rich that's
extraordinary and yet at the same time
we want to fit in but anybody who's
striving for that extraordinariness
never puts it together that that would
make them stand out it would make them
exactly not ordinary and and not fit in
and I see these two movements in people
all the time create like a fierce amount
of uh friction in their system and and a
whole bunch of action that is not
completely aligned and so they want to
go somewhere but they don't ever get
there because they have these two
competing wants